feat: Obsolete `WithScope` (#2677)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - `WithScope` has been marked Obsolete ([#2677](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2677))

Reviewer: Please be more descriptive on why we're doing this

> ### Fixes
> 
> - `WithScope` has been marked Obsolete ([#2677](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2677))

Author: ```suggestion
### Obsoletion

- `WithScope` and `WithScopeAsync` have been proven to not work correctly in desktop contexts when using a global scope. They are now deprecated in favor of the overloads of `CaptureEvent`, `CaptureMessage`, and `CaptureException`. Those methods provide a callback to a configurable scope. ([#2677](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2677))
```
